hey youtubers here I am with my another
video here I am going to teach you the
intro to song which crucifies so the
song looks like this
[Music]
okay this what the interrupts song which
cause a day I'm gonna teach you just
begin from the seventh bit second string
seventh fret we have to begin it from
here I hope you are getting it just do
it like this
[Music]
not so difficult
now to Nina's Anika
I hope you are getting my depth
[Music]
just need to do it slide slide it here
slide from here slide from here to here
it's not so difficult
[Music]
now cackle my
justyou need to do it practice more and
more
I'll put steps in my description if you
liked my video then please subscribe
thank you